# Master Thesis

This repository holds the sources for my master thesis at MIPT.

## How to build?

There's two options to build the document:

1. Using only latex. In this case plots will be generated by pgfplots
package. This package is not powerful enough and it generates only vector
images. Thus not a big number of dots will be used for this approach and the
plots won't be full.

2. Using latex and gnuplot. In this approach plots are generated by gnuplot
and then imported as images into the tex. Gnuplot can produce pixel image
and handles whole data. So the plots will be much more detailed.

### Building pure latex solution

There's naive script. So one can run it to build the PDF file.

``$ ./build_diplom.sh``

The result will be in diplom.pdf file.

This script just executes the following lines:

``$ pdflatex -shell-escape diplom``

``$ bibtex diplom``

``$ pdflatex -shell-escape diplom``

``$ pdflatex -shell-escape diplom``

### Building latex+gnuplot solution

There's naive script too. So one can run it to build the PDF file.

``$ ./build_diplom_gnuplot.sh``

The result will be in diplom_gnuplot.pdf file.

This script just executes the following lines:

``$ gnuplot plots/exp_error.gnu``

``$ gnuplot plots/exp_error_whole.gnu``

``$ gnuplot plots/log_error.gnu``

``$ gnuplot plots/log_error_whole.gnu``

``$ gnuplot plots/ocl_exp_error.gnu``

``$ gnuplot plots/ocl_log_error.gnu``

``$ pdflatex -shell-escape diplom_gnuplot``

``$ bibtex diplom_gnuplot``

``$ pdflatex -shell-escape diplom_gnuplot``

``$ pdflatex -shell-escape diplom_gnuplot``

